🤖 Add a shuffle argument 🤖 (#2169)
r-lib/testthat: NEWS.md

# testthat (development version)

> * `test_dir()`, `test_file()`, `test_package()`, `test_check()`, `test_local()`, `source_file()` gain a `shuffle` argument that randomly reorders expressions using `sample()` (#1942). Randomly shuffling all the expressions in a test file ensures that you haven't accidentally introduced any dependencies between tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `test_dir()`, `test_file()`, `test_package()`, `test_check()`, `test_local()`, `source_file()` gain a `shuffle` argument uses `sample()` to randomly reorder the top-level expressions in each test file (#1942). This random reordering surfaces dependencies between tests and code outside of any test, as well as dependencies between tests. This helps you find and eliminate unintentional dependencies.
```
